The Karnataka Warehouses Act, 1961

Act 11 of 1962

Keyword(s):

Co-Operative Society, Depositor, Licensed Warehouse, Receipt, Warehouse,
Warehouseman

DISCLAIMER: This document is being furnished to you for your information
by PRS Legislative Research (PRS). The contents of this document have
been obtained from sources PRS believes to be reliable. These contents
have not been independently verified, and PRS makes no representation or
warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or correctness. In some cases
the Principal Act and/or Amendment Act may not be available. Principal
Acts may or may not include subsequent amendments. For authoritative
text, please contact the relevant state department concerned or refer to
the latest government publication or the gazette notification. Any
person using this material should take their own professional and legal
advice before acting on any information contained in this document. PRS
or any persons connected with it do not accept any liability arising
from the use of this document. PRS or any persons connected with it
shall not be in any way responsible for any loss, damage, or distress to
any person on account of any action taken or not taken on the basis of
this document.

1

THE KARNATAKA WAREHOUSES ACT, 1961

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Statement of Objects and Reasons:

Sections:

CHAPTER I

PRELIMINARY

1.  Short title, extent and commencement.

2.  Definitions.

CHAPTER II

LICENSING OF WAREHOUSES

3.  Regulation of business of warehousing.

4.  Grant of licence.

5.  Conditions for grant of licence.

6.  Term and renewal of licence.

7.  Notice of refusal to grant or renew licence.

8.  Suspension of cancellation of licence.

9.  Notice of suspension and cancellation of licence.

10. Return of licence.

1 1 . Duplicate licence.

CHAPTER III

DUTIES OF A WAREHOUSEMAN

12. Reasonable care of the goods deposited to be taken.

13. Precautions against damage or injury to goods.

14. Preservation of identity of goods.

15. Goods deteriorating in warehouse and their disposal.

16. Delivery of goods.

17. Liability of warehouseman for shortage or excess in goods stored.

18. Insurance of goods in warehouse.

19. Discrimination prohibited.

20. Warehouseman not to deal in or lend against goods in warehouse.

21 . Accounts and book to be maintained by warehouseman.

CHAPTER IV

INSPECTION AND GRADING OF GOODS

22. Inspection.

23. Weighers, samplers and graders to obtain licences.

24. Provisions regarding licences under section 23.

25. Facilities to be given for weighing goods, etc.

CHAPTER V

WAREHOUSE RECEIPT

26. Receipt to be issued.

2

27. Receipts for deposits in warehouses.

28. Duplicate receipt.

CHAPTER VI

MISCELLANEOUS

29. Decision of appeals, disputes and complaints.

30. No compensation for suspension or cancellation of licence.

31 . Security amount to be forfeited and recovered as arrears of lands
revenue.

32. Contracts and agreements inconsistent with Act to be void.

32A. Warehousemen and depositors to comply with the provisions of
Central Act 1 of 1944

33. Penalty.

34. Rules.

35. Act not to apply to certain warehouses.

36. Repeal and savings.

SCHEDULE.

STATEMENT OF OBJECTS AND REASONS

I

Act 11 of 1962. — The Agricultural Produce (Development and Warehousing)
Corporation Act, 1956, providing for the establishment of Central and
State Warehousing Corporations, has been passed by Parliament. A State
Warehousing Corporation has accordingly been established by this
Government. The operations of this Corporation requires passing of a
suitable warehousing legislation. The proposed Bill is based on model
draft Bill circulated by Government of India for adoption by the States
and aims to bring a uniform law in all the five integrated areas of new
Mysore for establishment, supervision and control of independent
warehouses.

The main features of the Bill are: —

1)  Prohibition of persons without a licence from carrying on the
    business of warehouseman;

2)  Prescription of certain duties of warehouseman;

3)  Inspection and grading of goods; and

4)  Issue of warehouse receipts.

(Obtained from L.C. Bill No. 601 dated 21st July 1959) (File No. LAW 56
LGN 58.)

II

Amendment Act 22 of 1965. — It is considered necessary to amend the
Mysore Warehouses Act, 1961, casting a clear obligation on every
warehouseman and depositor of complying with the provisions of the
Central Excises and Salt Act, 1944 and the rules and notifications
issued thereunder in respect of goods deposited in a warehouse.

Hence this Bill.

(Obtained from L.A. Bill No. 14198 dated 18th February 1965) (File No .
LAW 13 LGN 65).

3

1 \[KARNATAKA ACT\] 1 No. 11 OF 1962

(First published in the ^Karnataka Gazette\] 1 on the Twenty-ninth Day
of March, 1962.) THE \[KARNATAKA\] 1 WAREHOUSES ACT, 1961.

(Received the assent of the President on the Seventh day of March,
1962.)

(As Amended by Karnataka Act 22 of 1965)

An Act to provide for the regulation and licensing of warehouses in the
^State of Karnataka\] 1 .

Whereas it is expedient to encourage the establishment of independent
warehouses and make provision for their supervision and control;

Be it enacted by the ^Karnataka State\] 1 Legislature in the Twelfth
year of the Republic of India as follows: —

1 . Adapted by the Karnataka Adaptations of Laws Order, 1973 w.e.f.
01.11.1973.

CHAPTER I PRELIMINARY

1.  Short title, extent and commencement. — (1) This Act may be called
    the ^Karnataka\] 1 Warehouses Act, 1961.

<!-- end list -->

2)  It extends to the whole of the ^State of Karnataka\] 1 .

<!-- end list -->

1.  Adapted by the Karnataka Adaptations of Laws Order, 1973 w.e.f.
    01.11.1973.

<!-- end list -->

3)  It shall come into force on such ^date\] 1 as the State Government
    may, by notification, appoint.

<!-- end list -->

1.  Act has come into force w.e.f. 01.09.1969 by notification. The text
    of notification is at the end of the Act.

2.  Definitions. — In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

<!-- end list -->

1)  “co-operative society” means a society registered or deemed to be
    registered under the ^Karnataka\] 1 Co-operative Societies Act, 1959
    ^Karnataka\] 1 Act 11 of 1959);

<!-- end list -->

1.  Adapted by the Karnataka Adaptations of Laws Order, 1973 w.e.f.
    01.11.1973.

<!-- end list -->

2)  “depositor” means a person who tenders his goods to the warehouseman
    for storing in his warehouse and includes any person who lawfully
    holds the receipt issued by the warehouseman in respect of such
    goods and derives title thereto by a proper endorsement or transfer
    thereof to him by the depositor or the depositor’s lawful
    transferee;

3)  “goods” means any of the articles specified in the schedule to this
    Act;

4)  “licensed warehouse” means a warehouse licensed under this Act;

5)  “notification” means a notification published in the official
    Gazette;

6)  “person” includes any company or association or body corporate;

7)  “prescribed” means prescribed by rules made under this Act;

8)  “prescribed authority” means in relation to any provision of this
    Act, the authority prescribed by rules to carry out such provision;

(/’) “receipt” means a warehouse receipt in the prescribed form issued
by a warehouseman to a person depositing goods in the warehouse;

10) “rules” means rules made by the State Government under this Act;

4

( k ) “warehouse” means any building, structure or other protected
enclosure which is or may be used for the purpose of storing goods on
behalf of depositors but does not include cloak rooms attached to
hotels, railway stations, the premises of other public carriers, and the
like; and the expression ‘warehousing’ shall be construed accordingly;

(/) “warehouseman” means a person, who has obtained licence under this
Act in respect of his warehouse.

CHAPTER II

LICENSING OF WAREHOUSES

3.  Regulation of business of warehousing. — No person shall carry on
    the business of warehousing except under licence granted under this
    Act and in accordance with such terms and conditions thereof as may,
    from time to time, be prescribed.

4.  Grant of licence. — (1) Every application for a licence shall be
    made in the prescribed form to the prescribed authority.

<!-- end list -->

2)  Subject to the provisions of section 5, the prescribed authority
    may, on receiving such application and on payment of such fees as
    may be prescribed, grant a licence.

<!-- end list -->

5.  Conditions for grant of licence. — (1) Before granting a licence the
    prescribed authority shall satisfy itself, -

<!-- end list -->

1)  that the warehouse mentioned in the application is suitable for
    proper storage of the class or classes of goods in respect of which
    the licence has been applied for;

2)  that the applicant is competent to conduct such a warehouse;

3)  that the applicant fulfils any other condition notified by the State
    Government under sub-section (2);

( d ) that the applicant has paid the fee prescribed for the licence and
has also furnished the prescribed security, if any:

Provided that where the applicant is a corporation established under the
Agricultural Produce (Development and Warehousing) Corporations Act,
1956, no security shall be required;

5)  that there is no other cause or reason for which the applicant for
    the licence may, in the opinion of the prescribed authority, be
    deemed to be disqualified.

<!-- end list -->

2)  The State Government may, by notification add to or alter the
    conditions under which a licence is granted to a warehouseman under
    this section.

<!-- end list -->

6.  Term and renewal of licence. — Every licence granted under section 4
    shall be valid for the prescribed period, and may, on application
    and payment of the prescribed fee, be renewed from time to time by
    the prescribed authority, and for the prescribed period, provided
    the other conditions referred to in section 5 continue to be
    fulfilled.

7.  Notice of refusal to grant or renew licence. — If the prescribed
    authority refuses to grant or renew a licence under section 4 or 6,
    it shall record its reasons for such refusal in writing and
    communicate a copy of its order to the applicant.

8.  Suspension and cancellation of licence. — (1) Every licence granted
    under section 4 or renewed under section 6 shall be liable to be
    suspended or cancelled either temporarily or permanently by the
    prescribed authority, for reasons to be recorded in writing if in
    its opinion the licensee,-

5

1)  has applied to be adjudicated or been adjudicated an insolvent; or

2)  has parted in whole or in part with his control over the warehouse;
    or

3)  has ceased to conduct such warehouse; or

4)  has made unreasonable charges for the services rendered by him; or

5)  has in any other manner become incompetent to conduct such
    warehouse; or

6)  has contravened or failed to comply with any of the terms of the
    licence or any of the provisions of this Act or of the rules.

<!-- end list -->

2)  If a licence is suspended or cancelled the prescribed authority
    shall make an entry to that effect in the licence.

<!-- end list -->

9.  Notice of suspension and cancellation of licence. — (1) Before
    passing an order under section 8, the prescribed authority shall
    give notice to the warehouseman stating the grounds on which it is
    proposed to suspend or cancel his licence and give him a reasonable
    opportunity of showing cause against it.

<!-- end list -->

2)  After considering the explanations, if any, of the warehouseman, the
    prescribed authority may pass such orders as it deems just.

<!-- end list -->

10. Return of licence. — When a licence expires or is suspended or
    cancelled, the warehouseman shall cease to work as such and shall,
    return the licence to the prescribed authority who shall give
    reasonable time to the warehouseman to enable him to wind up the
    business.

11. Duplicate licence. — (1) Where a licence granted to a warehouseman
    is lost, destroyed, torn, defaced or otherwise becomes illegible,
    the prescribed authority shall issue a duplicate licence on the
    application of the warehouseman and on payment of the prescribed
    fee.

<!-- end list -->

2)  When a duplicate licence is issued it shall be clearly stamped
    “Duplicate” and shall be marked with the date of issue of the
    duplicate and that of the original from the record of the office
    issuing the licence.

CHAPTER III

DUTIES OF A WAREHOUSEMAN

12. Reasonable care of the goods deposited to be taken. — Every
    warehouseman shall take such care of the goods deposited with him as
    a man of ordinary prudence would take of his own goods under similar
    circumstances and conditions.

13. Precautions against damage or injury to goods. — (1) Every
    warehouseman shall keep his warehouse clean and free from damp, take
    all necessary precautions against rats and other pests and fulfil
    such other conditions as may be prescribed.

<!-- end list -->

2)  No warehouseman shall accept goods for deposit which are likely to
    cause damage to other goods which are or may be deposited in the
    warehouse.

<!-- end list -->

14. Preservation of identity of goods. — Every warehouseman shall keep
    the goods of one depositor separate from the goods of other
    depositors and from other goods of the same depositor for which a
    separate receipt has been issued, in such a manner as to permit at
    all times of the identification and delivery of the goods deposited:
    Provided that where standardised and graded goods are stored in a
    warehouse, then subject to any agreement between the warehouseman
    and a depositor, the same variety of goods belonging to different
    depositors may be pooled together and each depositor

6

shall be entitled only to his portion of the goods according to weight
or quantity, as the case may be, as shown in his receipt.

15. Goods deteriorating in warehouse and their disposal. — (1) Whenever
    goods deposited in a warehouse deteriorate from causes beyond the
    control of the warehouseman, he shall forthwith give notice of such
    deterioration to the depositor, requiring him to take delivery of
    the goods immediately, after surrendering the receipt duly
    discharged and paying all charges due to the warehouseman.

<!-- end list -->

2)  If the depositor does not, within a reasonable time, comply with a
    notice given to him under sub-section (1), the warehouseman may
    cause the goods to be removed from the warehouse and sold by public
    auction at the cost and risk of the depositor.

3)  Any person having an interest in any goods deposited in a warehouse
    or in the receipt of such goods may inform the warehouseman in
    writing of the fact and nature of his interest and the warehouseman
    shall keep a record thereof, and if such person requests in writing
    that intimation be given to him regarding the condition of the goods
    and agrees to pay the charges for giving such intimation the
    warehouseman shall give him intimation accordingly.

<!-- end list -->

16. Delivery of goods. — (1) Every warehouseman, in the absence of
    reasonable excuse, shall, without unnecessary delay, deliver the
    goods deposited in his warehouse without deterioration to the
    depositor on demand made by him and surrender of the receipt duly
    discharged and payment of all charges due to the warehouseman.

Explanation . — For the purposes of this sub-section, deterioration from
causes beyond the control of the warehouseman, shall not be deemed to
amount to deterioration.

2)  Subject to any agreement between the warehouseman and the depositor,
    the depositor may take partial delivery of the goods deposited in a
    warehouse.

<!-- end list -->

17. Liability of warehouseman for shortage or excess in goods stored. —
    (1) If there is any excess in the goods stored in a warehouse by
    absorption of moisture or other causes beyond the control of the
    warehouseman, the warehouseman shall not be entitled thereto.

<!-- end list -->

2)  If there is any shortage in the goods stored in a warehouse by
    dryage or other causes beyond the control of the warehouseman, the
    warehouseman shall not be responsible therefor.

3)  In the event of a dispute arising as to whether such shortage or
    excess is due to dryage or absorption of moisture or is due to other
    causes beyond the control of the warehouseman, the matter shall be
    referred in such manner and within such time as may be prescribed,
    to the appellate authority referred to in section 29 whose decision
    thereon shall be final and binding.

<!-- end list -->

18. Insurance of goods in a warehouse. — (1) Every warehouseman shall
    insure the goods stored in his warehouse against such events and in
    such manner as may be prescribed by rules, and such rules may
    provide that insurance against certain events shall be optional:

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to goods deposited in
a warehouse belonging to a Corporation established under the
Agricultural Produce (Development and Warehousing) Corporations Act,
1956 (Central Act 28 of 1956), where such

7

corporation has agreed, in the prescribed manner, to compensate the
depositor against loss or damage arising from the prescribed events.

2)  Every warehouseman shall be entitled to recover from the depositor,
    at the rate prescribed if the insurance is obligatory, or at the
    rate agreed to if the insurance is optional, the charges for
    insurance in respect of the depositor’s goods before delivery
    thereof and the warehouseman shall have a lien on the said goods in
    respect of such charges.

<!-- end list -->

19. Discrimination prohibited. — No warehouseman shall, in the conduct
    of his business, discriminate between persons desiring to avail
    themselves of the facilities of his warehouse:

Provided that a warehouseman shall show such preference to co-operative
societies in the State and allow them such concessional rates as may be
prescribed.

20. Warehouseman not to deal in or lend against goods in warehouse. —
    Notwithstanding anything contained in any other law, no warehouseman
    other than a co- operative society shall either on his own account
    or that of others, deal in, or lend money on goods received by him
    for deposit in his warehouse.

21. Accounts and books to be maintained by warehouseman. — A
    warehouseman shall maintain accounts, books and records in such form
    and manner as may be prescribed.

CHAPTER IV

INSPECTION AND GRADING OF GOODS

22. Inspection. — The prescribed authority may, at any time, during
    business hours, inspect, or examine or cause to be inspected or
    examined, any licensed warehouse, its machinery and equipment, goods
    deposited therein and the account books and records relating
    thereto, for the purpose of satisfying itself that the requirements
    of this Act and the rules are being complied with.

23. Weighers, samplers and graders to obtain licences. — (1) The
    prescribed authority may, on application made in the prescribed
    manner and on payment of the prescribed fee, issue licences to
    persons possessing the prescribed qualifications entitling them to
    act as weighers, samplers and graders of any goods deposited or to
    be deposited in a licensed warehouse and to issue certificates as to
    the weight, bulk, quality or grade of the goods, which they have
    examined.

<!-- end list -->

2)  Any certificate so issued shall, subject to the provisions of
    section 24 be binding on the warehouseman and the depositor as to
    the weight, bulk, quality or grade of the goods so certified.

3)  No person who is not licensed under this section shall act, or hold
    himself out, as a weigher, sampler or grader.

<!-- end list -->

24. Provisions regarding licences under section 23. — (1) Every licence
    granted to a weigher, sampler or grader, under section 23, shall be
    valid for the prescribed period and may, on application and payment
    of the prescribed fee, be renewed from time to time for the
    prescribed period by the prescribed authority.

<!-- end list -->

2)  The prescribed authority may for reasons to be recorded in writing
    suspend or cancel any such licence.

8

3)  Before suspending or cancelling a licence under sub-section (2), the
    prescribed authority shall give notice to the licensee stating the
    grounds on which it is proposed to suspend or cancel his licence and
    give him a reasonable opportunity of showing cause against it.

4)  After considering the explanations, if any, of the licensee, the
    prescribed authority may pass such orders as it deems just.

5)  The holder of any such licence shall, on the expiry thereof or the
    receipt of an order suspending or cancelling it, return the licence
    to the prescribed authority.

6)  Where a licence granted to a weigher, sampler or grader is lost,
    destroyed, torn, defaced or otherwise becomes illegible, the
    prescribed authority shall issue a duplicate licence on the
    application of the weigher, sampler or grader, as the case may be,
    and on payment of the prescribed fee.

<!-- end list -->

25. Facilities to be given for weighing goods, etc. — Every warehouseman
    shall provide facilities for weighing, sampling and grading any
    goods deposited in his warehouse.

CHAPTER V WAREHOUSE RECEIPTS

26. Receipt to be issued. — For the goods deposited in his warehouse by
    each depositor, the warehouseman shall issue a receipt which shall
    contain full particulars of the goods and be in the prescribed form.

27. Receipts for deposits in warehouses. — The receipt issued by a
    warehouseman shall, unless it is otherwise specified thereon, be
    transferable by endorsement and shall entitle the lawful holder
    thereof to receive the goods specified in it on the same terms and
    conditions as the original depositor.

28. Duplicate receipt. — If a receipt is lost, destroyed, or damaged the
    warehouseman shall, on application by the depositor and payment by
    him of the prescribed fee issue a duplicate receipt on such
    conditions he may think fit to impose, being conditions included in
    rules prescribed for the purpose.

CHAPTER VI MISCELLANEOUS

29. Decision of appeals, disputes and complaints. — (1) An appeal
    against any order of the prescribed authority refusing to grant or
    renew a licence or suspending or cancelling any such licence in
    respect of a warehouseman or weigher, sampler or grader or against
    any other order of the prescribed authority shall be made to such
    authority and within such time as may be prescribed.

<!-- end list -->

2)  The decision of such appellate authority shall be final.

<!-- end list -->

30. No compensation for suspension or cancellation of licence. — Where
    any licence is suspended or cancelled under this Act, the licensee
    shall not be entitled to any compensation therefor, nor shall he be
    entitled to the refund of any fee paid by him for the licence.

31. Security amount to be forfeited and recovered as arrears of land
    revenue. —

(1 ) If a warehouseman fails to comply with, or contravenes any of the
terms or conditions of, his licence or of any provision of this Act,
then, without prejudice to any other penalty to which he may be subject,
the amount of security deposited by him under a bond

9

executed by him under the provisions of this Act shall be liable to be
forfeited, and the amount due under such bond shall be recoverable from
him, or from his sureties or their heirs or legal representatives, as an
arrear of land revenue.

2)  The State Government may make payment out of the amount so forfeited
    or recovered, to any person who may have sustained loss by reason of
    the warehouseman failing to comply with, or acting in contravention
    of, any terms or conditions of his licence or of any provision of
    this Act.

<!-- end list -->

32. Contracts and agreements inconsistent with Act to be void. — Every
    contract or agreement which is inconsistent with the provisions of
    this Act or the rules shall, to the extent of such inconsistency, be
    void.

1 \[32A. Warehousemen and depositors to comply with the provisions of
Central Act 1 of 1944. — In respect of goods warehoused under this Act
to which the provisions of the Central Excises and Salt Act, 1944, are
applicable, every warehouseman or depositor shall comply with the
provisions of the said Act and the rules and notifications issued
thereunder in, so far as they are applicable to such goods.\] 1

1.  Inserted by Act 22 of 1965 w.e.f. 18.11.1965.

2.  Penalty. — (1) Whoever, fails to comply with, or acts in
    contravention of, any provision of this Act shall be deemed to
    commit an offence under this Act, and shall, on conviction, be
    punished, -

<!-- end list -->

1)  in the case of a contravention of the provisions of section 3 or 20,
    with simple imprisonment which may extend to six months, or with
    fine which may extend to one thousand rupees, or with both;

2)  in any other case with fine which may extend to one thousand rupees.

<!-- end list -->

2)  1)  Where an offence under sub-section (1) is committed by a
        company, the company, as well as every person in charge of, and
        responsible to, the company for the conduct of its business at
        the time of the commission of the offence shall be deemed to be
        guilty of the offence and shall be liable to be proceeded
        against and punished accordingly:

Provided that, nothing contained in this clause shall render any such
person liable to any punishment if he proves that the offence was
committed without his knowledge or that he exercised due diligence to
prevent the commission of such offence.

2)  Notwithstanding anything contained in clause (a), where an offence
    under sub-section (1) has been committed by a company and it is
    proved that the offence has been committed with the consent or
    connivance of, or that the commission of the offence is attributable
    to any neglect on the part of, any Director, Manager, Secretary or
    other officer of the company, such Director, Manager, Secretary or
    other officer shall also be deemed to be guilty of that offence and
    shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

Explanation . — For the purposes of this sub-section, -

1)  a company means any body corporate and includes a firm or other
    association of individuals; and

2)  “director” in relation to a firm means a partner in the firm.

<!-- end list -->

34. Rules. — (1) The State Government may, by notification, and after
    previous publication, make rules to carry out the purposes of this
    Act.

10

2)  In particular and without prejudice to the generality of the
    foregoing power, such rules may add any article to, or omit any
    article from the Schedule, or provide for,-

<!-- end list -->

1)  the matters expressly required or allowed by this Act to be
    prescribed;

2)  the conditions to be inserted in licences to be granted to
    warehousemen and the form of such licences;

3)  the publication of the grant, suspension or cancellation of licences
    to warehousemen and of consolidated lists of warehousemen and
    licensed warehouses;

( d ) the charges to be levied by the warehousemen for their services;

5)  the books, accounts and records to be maintained by warehousemen;

(/) the conduct of public auctions for the sale of goods deteriorating
or about to deteriorate in licensed warehouses and the manner in which
the proceeds of such sales shall be accounted for;

(j g ) the scales of losses and gains of weight or bulk which may be
sustained by goods owing to shrinkage or dryage in the one case and
owing to absorption of moisture in the other;

(/?) the disinfection of licensed warehouses and the disinfection of
goods stored therein;

(/) the efficient conduct generally of the business of warehousemen;

10) the qualifications to be possessed by persons applying for grant of
    licences as weighers, samplers or graders; the conditions to be
    inserted in their licences; the form of the certificates to be
    issued by them and the grounds on which the licences may be
    suspended or cancelled;

( k ) the standard weights, measures and gradations of goods to be used
in licensed warehouses;

(/) the authority to which and the time within which an appeal under
section 29 should be made;

(m)the manner of giving notices under this Act.

3)  Every rule made under this Act, shall be laid, as soon as may be
    after it is made before each House of the State Legislature while it
    is in session for a total period of thirty days which may be
    comprised in one session or in two successive sessions, and if
    before the expiry of the session in which it is so laid or the
    session immediately following, both Houses agree in making any
    modification in the rule or both Houses agree that the rule should
    not be made, the rule shall thereafter have effect only in such
    modified form or be of no effect, as the case may be; so however
    that any such modification or annulment shall be without prejudice
    to the validity of anything previously done under that rule.

<!-- end list -->

35. Act not to apply to certain warehouses. — Nothing contained in this
    Act shall apply to any warehouse appointed or licensed under the
    provisions of the Sea Customs Act, 1878 (Central Act VIII of 1878),
    the Inland Bonded Warehouses Act, 1896 (Central Act VIII of 1896),
    the Central Excises and Salt Act, 1944 (Central Act 1 of 1944) or
    the rules made thereunder.

36. Repeal and savings. — The Bombay Warehouses Act, 1947 (Bombay Act
    LVI of 1947), as in force in the ^Belgaum Area\] 1 , the Coorg
    Warehouses Act, 1956 (Coorg Act

11

V of 1956), as in force in the Coorg District, the Hyderabad Warehouses
Regulation, 1358 F (Hyderabad Regulation XLVI of 1358 Fasli), as in
force in the ^Gulbarga Area\] 1 , the Madras Warehouses Act, 1951
(Madras Act XV of 1951), as in force in the ^Mangalore and Kollegal
Area\] 1 , the Madras Warehouses Act, 1951 (Madras Act XV of 1951), as
in force in the Bellary District and the Mysore Warehouses Act, 1951
(Mysore Act XXIX of 1951), as in force in the Mysore Area are hereby
repealed:

Provided that section 6 of the ^Karnataka\] 1 General Clauses Act, 1899
^Karnataka Act\] 1 III of 1899), shall be applicable in respect of the
repeal of the said enactments and sections 8 and 24 of the said Act
shall be applicable as if the repealed enactments had been repealed and
re-enacted by this Act.

1.  Adapted by the Karnataka Adaptations of Laws Order, 1973 w.e.f.
    01.11.1973.

12

SCHEDULE

\[See section 2(c)\]

(Goods to which this act applies)

I. Fibres, -

1)  Cotton ginned and unginned.

2)  San hemp.

3)  Agave, coir and their products.

<!-- end list -->

2.  Cereals.

3.  Pulses.

4.  Oilseeds including copra and their products.

V. Cashewnuts, coconuts.

6.  Jaggery, Sugar and Khandasari.

7.  Fruits.

8.  Vegetables, potatoes, onions.

9.  Animal Husbandry Products, -

<!-- end list -->

1)  Wool, (2) Butter, (3) Ghee, (4) Milk, (5) Eggs.

X. Fish.

11. Condiments, spices and others, -

<!-- end list -->

1)  Coriander, (2) Chillies, (3) Turmeric, (4) Garlic, (5) Ginger, (6)
    Cummin, (7) Tamarind, (8) Cardamom, (9) Pepper, (lO)Soapnut,
    (ll)Areca, (12) Coffee.

<!-- end list -->

12. Cattle fodder.

13. Tobacco.

14. Fertilisers.

^ \* \* \*

NOTIFICATION

Bangalore, dated 6th August, 1969 \[No. DPC 49 CWH 69.\]

S.O. 1683. — In exercise of the powers conferred by sub-section (3) of
Section 1 of the Mysore Warehouses Act, 1961 (Mysore Act No. 11 of
1962), the Government of Mysore hereby appoints the 1st day of
September, 1969, as the date on which the said Act shall come into
force.

By Order and in the name of the Governor of Mysore,

(N. J. Gorepeerzade)

Deputy Secretary to Government.

(Published in the Karnataka Gazette , dated 14th August 1969, PART IV —
2C (ii) at page. 4048.)

-----
